mirroring,ikizleme
semiconductor,yarıiletken
cluster,küme
disconnect,bağlantıyı kesmek
supplemental,tamamlayıcı
window,pencere
keyboard,klavye
texture,doku
compatibility,uyumluluk
mainframe,anabilgisayar
document,belgelemek
freehand,serbest el
reboot,sistemi yeniden yüklemek
plural,çoğul
chip,yonga
limit,sınır
disable,seçilemez kılmak
replace,yerine koymak
protect,korumak
debugging,yanlış ayıklama
dither,titremek
live,canlı
indentation,girintili yazma
contact,değmek
capacity,sığa
abstract,soyut
touch,dokunmak
controller,denetleyici
branch,şube
diagram,çizge
broadcast,yayımlamak
plug,fiş
clause,yantümce
configurator,konfigürasyon tanımlayıcı
installation,kuruluş
matrix,dizey
nucleus,çekirdek
commit,üstlenmek
screen,ekran
supervisor,gözetici
illegal,geçersiz
indent,girintili yazmak
definite,kesin
increment,artma miktarı
cybernetics,güdümbilim
belt,kuşak
magenta,macenta
hint,ipucu
outline,ana çizgiler
cryptography,şifreleme
slack,serbestlik
sense,algılamak
existing,varolan
perforated,delikli
interprocess,süreçler arası
restore,geri yüklemek
start,başla
recovery,kurtarma
latch,mandal
viewpoint,bakış açısı
header,sayfa başlığı
demodulator,kip çözücü
corequisite,yankoşul
tick,imlemek
effective,geçerli olan
choice,seçim
prototype,ön ürün
command,komut
branching,dallanma
mechanism,düzenek
time,zaman
intervention,araya girme
tip,fiş ucu
user,kullanıcı
supersede,yerini almak
minor,küçük
all,tümü
identity,özdeşlik
en-dash,orta çizgi
percent,yüzde
appendix,ek
symbol,simge
subject,özne
buffering,arabelleğe alma
paragraph,paragraf
decipher,şifre çözmek
consecutive,ardışık
owner,sahip
generator,üreteç
bandwidth,bant genişliği
inventory,stok
assembler,çevirici
demount,bağlantıyı kaldırma
interval,aralık
sight,görüş
initialize,ilklendirmek
list,listelemek